No more.
Your daughter Ming Cha
Do you think grandpa and I can't be at your mercy?
What's up?
Now what?
Your fingerprints are on it
My body can locate you
Who wants the police to get up?
Lu Shi was convicted of rape and attempted murder, so he ate haha
I am your husband
At most, even family disputes
But you hit it yourself just now.
Don't you forget.
We have surveillance
monitor
I already did
Hahaha
As for the husband
Would you like to take a look at this first?
A divorce certificate? How is that possible?
I obviously have money to make a ghost run the mill
I forgot to tell you
I'm Miss Anjia
Jiangcheng Guardian
And it happened to be my father. What?
I was blind to run away with you scum
From the moment my grandfather died
I'm going to let you
I swear I'll make you doomed
So all this
It's all arranged here